Collection of OSS project cc article (#2084)
betterscientificsoftware/bssw.io: CuratedContent/CollectionOpenSourceSwProjects.md

## A Collection of Guidance and Templates for Open-source Software (OSS) Projects 

<!-- deck text start -->

> What better way to keep a collection of important documents to help OSS Projects than an open-source repository. The repository is a collection of documents for guidance, governance, examples, and templates for OSS projects. As with any open source project, contributions are encouraged.

Reviewer: What about something like the following slight change...
```suggestion
What better way to keep a collection of important documents to help OSS Projects than an open-source repository? Now there is such a repository with a collection of documents for guidance, governance, examples, and templates for new and existing OSS projects. And as with any open source project, contributions are encouraged.
```
